SETUP
Many sites (such as Facebook and Twitter) allow users to indicate when visitors like an item of content such as an article or post. They also allow users to unlike items if they change their views. 

The site will also display how many people have liked each item.

Users must be logged in as a member of the site in order to like an article, and they should only be allowed to like the article once (to prevent one person repeatedly saying that they like the same item). 

When the user is logged in, if they have liked the article it will show a filled in heart icon, if not it will be an outline of a heart icon. If they are not logged in then they will just see the outline version of the icon.

RESULT
Below you can see a category page that lists several articles. Underneath is the total number of users who liked the article. This is also shown on the individual article page.

If the user is logged in they can click on the heart to indicate that they like the article (or click it again to unlike it). If the user is not logged in they will see a message telling them that they need to log in to like the article.


DATA
The application needs to know which individual users have liked each article. So the database will have a new likes table. This is a link table, it just stores the user id and the article id.

SHOW TABLE

Whenever article details are shown, the total number of likes are added next to the article.
Because these are displayed far more often than they are likely to be updated we will keep a tally of how many times an article has been liked in the article table. When someone likes an article the like_count column in the article table will be incremented, and when the article is unliked it will be decremented.

SHOW TABLE

Because likes are displayed far more often than they are likely to be updated, it is better to store this running total in the article table, rather than recalculate the totals every time an article is displayed.


TASKS
In order to add the like feature, the application needs to be able to perform the following tasks:

Allow a user to like an article
Allow a user to unlike an article
Show the like button
	Does the user like it
	Should they be allowed to click on it



